OK, so now I am recording
a Zoome session with myself
using the Loom application and recording
this so that I can test the
effectiveness of captions.
I want to know how well
it will caption some
mathematics.
So if we were calculating the.
Integral of X from one to two, the X.
That equals,
see, is this reversed, so for me,
this side this side over here is my
this is my right hand right now
and it shows up on my screen on
the right side of my screen.
So if I'm looking at myself in the zoom
session, it looks like I'd make my axes.
Here's my x axis.
Here's my Y axis.
Here would be the line Y equals X.
I suspect, though, that this
is going to be reversed.
So I'm going to try to reverse it just to
see if I can get myself to
stumble for the captioning.
So here we have our Y-axis, our X axis,
and here is Y equals X and
we're going from one to two.
So from zero to two would be half
of a two by two square four.
But we need to take off that portion from
zero to one, which is half
of a one by one square.
So one half.
So
two minus one half is one and a half.